What are we doing today?
small pack opening yes the tom is too
where people are going to open up today
just 3 7000 from apex as well
look what we are going to pull so
we are accurate on tom his account
Unfortunately, I do not see it all
the sound will tell me right away or
Tell him what he pulls and you see it
Now we catch the first 7501
second hope that we have one
information of this week
because he does not really need much
luck had exactly and now comes that
first depends or and how hard it is
Of course we have exactly what we are looking for
abate and angela bartels of value and
the formations 352 discount come so
what formation await 43 21 euro
appreciate so 8000 is not already promoting
bad and those at the lake and norwegian
defender of fulham 57 is custody
but not bad but again
sue yes because as much as I want now
just everything together
I hope I have ears we look
us right here or I just got to
here is the Bundesliga on time exactly me
we are just 26 minutes a bit
we were about the video taken
still stands 0 0
who are you then i do not know me
I really like both teams a lot
with pleasure
the second highlight will take a look
but again as lucky as him
we need to have it
left- back matter 4 1 2 0 2 and
a fitness for the squad
and that was so silver contract now
rarely well was a fucking black and 532
but we can not do anything for it
away we get really not them that have
we'll pack another one when I get that
now have that sonova
pulled the jersey but not that with the
you just
especially green so opens again
losses again here
So what are you playing making red baking
the last pack and maybe hope
does it still work with the in shape
player now cristiano ronaldo jörg
bernhard schneider right defender
konko 14 22 the gab 's came into shape yet
last week yes last week and still
a harmless pulled or I still
solid male offender in silver